---
banner: "https://i.imgur.com/ce8zJha.jpg"
---


>[!quote]
 >> I destroy my enemies when I make them my friends.
> — <cite>Abraham Lincoln</cite>

# Daily Planner
```start-multi-column
ID = journal-taskcol1
col num = 2
```
### Tasks
```tasks
not done
path does not include Recurring Weekly
due today
```
--- end-column ---
### Coming Soon
```tasks
not done 
path includes Recurring Weekly
```
---end-multi-column ---
# Journal
---

 I am recovering from Covid today... So far I am feeling a lot better.   
 Nicole let me know that my attitude towards her (resentment, apathy, and hostility) over the last couple weeks has been a big problem for her. 
 She feels alone and defeated.   She says she loves me and doesn't understand why I don't treat her well.. 

 In thinking about this, I feel like there is a stuck point that applies.: "I can't trust those closest to me."  
 This fits because I feel our trust was compromised over a silly statement. she said.    I am trying to look past it, but I see that because I feel she violated my trust, I am really hesitant to trust her now. -- sometimes flat out unwilling.  

 We need trust in our relationship in order for it to continue and grow closer.   This last bought has really got me thinking that this should maybe end.   But.. is this a rational decision?   Why would I throw the baby with the bathwater away over this?    It feels consistent and therefore is poisoning my mind with distrust.   

 How can I let this go and salvage this relationship?      

 I am very sensitive to being controlled.   And while this has happened in the past, it does not mean she is trying to control me.   I need to stock some grace in this situation and not tally it in a list of things she has done to violate trust.  
 What about me?   I have totally violated her safety and her own trust that I will be here because of how I am acting.   I should work on this.  

1. Build trust
    1. Put Nicole in situations where I need to trust her and see how it plays out.  
    2. Don't read into words or behavior so quickly.  Be curious and ask follow-up questions. 
2. Find ways to spend quality time with her.   Gardening, a drive somewhere, places we can go and just talk.  
3. Plan some dates -- evenings out, something.  

For the kids,  I am told that there is also some bad feelings.   I should look to spend quality time with them and see if I can improve things. 


 

> [!todo] 
>  Write down things to remember and pick a reasonable due date
>  #correctme you can put tasks right in this block or just near it.  
---
<< [[ 2023-06-13 ]] | [[ 2023-06-15 ]] >>

> [!info]
>  created: 2023-06-14 05:40
>  modified: NaN