# Ruby on Rails with Bootstrap 5 and Namecheap Integration

Created: 2023-03-24 04:11:39 -0600

Modified: 2023-03-24 10:11:42 -0600

---

Clipped from: <https://chat.openai.com/chat>

![mich ruby rails skeleton for bootstrap 5 that allows user account creation, and a view for creating namecheap SSL certificates and buy domains Here is a basic Ruby on Rails skeleton using Bootstrap 5 for die front-end and Devise for user authentication. It also includes a view for creating Namecheap SS L certificates and buying domains using the Namecheap APL Please note that this is just a skeleton and may require additional customization to fit your specific needs _ First create a new Rails applicmion using the following command - vbn e rails new namecheap app ------dacabase=postgresql This will create a new Rails app using PostgreSQL as the database and skip the Action Mailbox and Action Text frameworks Next, add the following gems to your Gemfile: gem gem gem 'devise ' ' name cheap ' 'docenv---rails ' Run bundle install to install the new gems_ Next, install Devise and set up a User model: rails g devise: install rails g devise User rails db: migrate Add the following to your config/ routes. rb file: devise for: users Create a new controller for the SSL and domains view: rails g controller Namecheap In your app/ controllers/namecheap controller. rb file, add the following: class NamecheapConCroIIer < ApplicationConCroIIer before action: authenticate user! before action: set client def index €331 products --- @domain prices --- def create SSI eclient.ssl.get products @client.domain. get domain prices * handle SSL certificate creation def buy domain * handle domain purchase p r ivaC e def set client @client = Namecheap: api key: ENV['NAMECHEAP API KEY'], username: USERNAME'], client ip: request. remote ip, sandbox: true # set to false for production use end In app/views / name cheap/ index. html. erb file, add the frllowmg: SSL Certificates and <h2>SSL @ssI products. each do 'product I product name product. description form with url: create SSI namecheap path do If I f. hidden field: product id, value: product. id f. submit "Buy now", class: "btn btn---primary" end end @domain prices. each do 'price I price.tld price. price form with url: buy domain namecheap path do I fl f. hidden field: domain name, value: "i {price. ---example.com" f. submit "Buy now", class: "btn btn---primary" end end Finally, create a. env file in the root ofyour application and add the following- makefi I NAMECHEAP API KEY=youl api key here NAMECHEAP USERNAME=youl username here Replace your api key here and your username_here with your actual Namecheap API key and username. Thaes it! You should now be able to run the application and see the SSL certificates and domains view at hccp:/ / localhosc: 3000/namecheap_ Regenerate ChatGPT 14 Vers10t1_ Free Research Preview Our goal is to make Al systems more natural and safe to interact with. Your feedback will help us Improve_ + New chat Ruby on Rails Bootstrap 5 WordPress template "Add Namecheap SSL Page" SSH Password Tester. Ansible Multilevel Inventory. Namecheap Ruby SSL API Python script for SSL_ Python Namecheap Webpage Ansible for Server Management Python Namecheap SSL Orders_ Clear conversations Upgrade to PlusNEW&Dark mode t out](../media/Pages-Ruby-on-Rails-with-Bootstrap-5-and-Namecheap-Integration-image1.jpg){width="10.666666666666666in" height="25.333333333333332in"}
